1.2.4 Aster
============

This is the fourth patch in the Aster 1.2 series.

Notable changes
----------------

* Change openstack rabbitmq queues to quorum queue.
* Create a haproxy config file for each service. all services are used to be
  in /etc/haproxy/haproxy.cfg. 
  Now each service file is in /etc/haproxy/conf.d/.
* Add quorum-replica for quorum-required services like mariadb and rabbitmq.
  All other services set to ha-replica.
  If there are 3 control nodes, quorum-replica is 3 and ha-replica is 2.
* Add kube-apiserver LoadBalance support. It used to listen to all interfaces.
  Now it listens on management interface and haproxy on Keepalived VIP
  distributes the traffic to each kube-apiserver.
* Add HA settings for HAProxy/KeepAlived and Kubernetes in vars.yml.
  There are three ha levels - moderato, allegro, and vivace.

    - moderato: default liveness update and failover response
    - allegro: faster liveness update and failover response
    - vivace: fastest liveness update and failover response

* Add Graceful Node Shutdown Helper (GNSH) to help shutting down the node
  gracefully. 
  Refer to the following link 
  :doc:`Graceful Node Shutdown </operation/graceful_node_shutdown>`

Burrito Changelog
------------------

* feature(powerflex): Add until/retries/delay for changing mdm password and sds devices tasks; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature(powerflex): Create powerflex haproxy LB file instead of add the section in haproxy.cfg.; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* fix: typo in Genesis Registry | templating registry haproxy config; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: set sysctl file for k8s kernel parameters; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* There is no need to set up a custom rsyslog.conf so remove the task from burrito.common playbook.; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* adjust rabbitmq PVC size to 10Gib/c 768Mi seems too small.; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* change sleep to 20 seconds in gnsh script; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* change registry patch task in burrito.genesisregistry; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* refactor: move deploy_ssh_key to do-not-edit area and set it to true; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* remove LABELS_JSON variable in gnsh script; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* remove node delete rule; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add HA tuning parameters; split replicas with quorum_replicas; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add localrepo LB config in localrepo role; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add ceph and kube-apiserver LB config in haproxy; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* patch: kube-apiserver bind address to mgmt ip; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add Graceful Node Shutdown Helper (GNSH) role; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add registry.cfg file in genesis registry role; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: change bind ip to mgmt ip for kube-apiserver; replace not-ready/unreachable toleration from static to variable; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: kube-apiserver LB support in burrito.system role; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: change replicas to quorum_replicas in mariadb and rabbitmq; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* enhance: change localrepo haproxy config from inline to standalone config file; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: move ceph-rgw config to standalone file; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add kube-apiserver LB in haproxy; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* enhance: change genesis registry haproxy config from inline to standalone config file; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* patch: change resitry to deployment; remove priorityClass; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add gnsh role in landing playbook; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: reload haproxy service instead of restarting it; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: set openstack rabbitmq queues to quorum; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
